Add KIC in Konnect with KGO example (#7488)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/get-started/kic/create-gateway.md

> in order to get your `Gateway` up and running.
{% endif_version %}

Creating `GatewayClass` and `Gateway` resources in Kubernetes causes {{ site.kgo_product_name }} to create a {{ site.kic_product_name }} and {{ site.base_gateway }} deployment. 

> ## GatewayConfiguration

Reviewer: I also had to have my minikube tunnel running at the same time or I got errors, is that something we should mention here too?

> ## GatewayConfiguration

Author: minikube tunnel is an implementation detail. We used to have this kind of thing in the docs, but decided that people should know how to use their k8s tools

> You can customize your {{ site.kic_product_name }} and {{ site.base_gateway }} deployments using the `GatewayConfiguration` CRD. This allows you to control the image being used, and set any environment variables required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize your {{ site.kic_product_name }} and {{ site.base_gateway }} deployments using the `GatewayConfiguration` CRD. This allows you to control the image being used, and set any required environment variables.
```

{%- if_version gte:1.2.x %}

>  If you are creating a KIC in Konnect deployment, you need to customize the deployment to contain your control plane ID and authentication certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you are creating a KIC in {{site.konnect_short_name}} deployment, you need to customize the deployment to contain your control plane ID and authentication certificate.
```

1. Provide a name for your new Control Plane
1. Click **Generate Script** in the "Connect to KIC" section.
1. Click **Generate Certificate** in step 3.
1. Save the contents of **Cluster Certificate** in a file named `tls.crt`. Save the contents of **Cluster Key** in a file named `tls.key`.
1. Create a Kubernetes secret containing the cluster certificate:

    ```bash
    kubectl create secret tls konnect-client-tls --cert=/{PATH_TO_FILE}/tls.crt --key=/{PATH_TO_FILE}/tls.key
    ```
1. In the **Configuration parameters** step 4, find the value of `runtimeGroupID`. Replace `YOUR_CP_ID` with the control plane ID in the following manifest.
1. In the **Configuration parameters** step 4, find the value of `cluster_telemetry_endpoint`. The first segment of that value is the control plane endpoint for your cluster. For example, if the value of `cluster_telemetry_endpoint` is `36fc5d01be.us.cp0.konghq.com`, then the control plane endpoint of the cluster is `36fc5d01be`. Replace `YOUR_CP_ENDPOINT` with your control plane ID in the following manifest.
1. Deploy the data plane with `kubectl apply`:

> 

Author: No, the Operator replaces `helm install`

                value: YOUR_CP_ENDPOINT.us.tp0.konghq.com:443
              - name: KONG_CLUSTER_TELEMETRY_SERVER_NAME
                value: YOUR_CP_ENDPOINT.us.tp0.konghq.com
              - name: KONG_CLUSTER_MTLS
                value: pki
              - name: KONG_CLUSTER_CERT
                value: /etc/secrets/konnect-client-tls/tls.crt
              - name: KONG_CLUSTER_CERT_KEY
                value: /etc/secrets/konnect-client-tls/tls.key
              - name: KONG_LUA_SSL_TRUSTED_CERTIFICATE
                value: system
              - name: KONG_KONNECT_MODE
                value: "on"
              - name: KONG_VITALS
                value: "off"
            volumeMounts:
              - name: cluster-certificate
                mountPath: /var/cluster-certificate
              - name: konnect-client-tls
                mountPath: /etc/secrets/konnect-client-tls/
                readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: cluster-certificate
          - name: konnect-client-tls
            secret:
              secretName: konnect-client-tls
              defaultMode: 420' | kubectl apply -f -
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endif_version %}
{% navtab On-Prem %}

> This example shows how to customize the log level of {{ site.kic_product_name }}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following example to customize the log level of {{ site.kic_product_name }}:
```

            image: kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller:{{ site.data.kong_latest_KIC.version }}
            env:
            - name: CONTROLLER_LOG_LEVEL
              value: debug' | kubectl apply -f -
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

The results should look like this:

```text
gatewayconfiguration.gateway-operator.konghq.com/kong created
```

## GatewayClass

> To use the Gateway API resources to configure your routes, you need to create a `GatewayClass` instance and create a `Gateway` resource that listens on the ports that you need.

Reviewer: Does this only apply to on prem?

Author: This applies to on prem and Konnect

  listeners:
  - name: http
    protocol: HTTP
    port: 80' | kubectl apply -f -
```

The results should look like this:

```text

> gatewayclass.gateway.networking.k8s.io/kong created

Reviewer: For lines 214-218, I ran that and it worked, but I don't understand why I needed that or what I'm doing/using the variable `PROXY_IP` for.

Author: Good call out. I've moved this to the "Add a route" page
